fixes gh-1307 fix a phrase and code-blocks mark-up (#1356)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/reference_lua/box_space.rst

          inserting|replacing the new value;
        * if the value is nil, then the tuple will be deleted;
        * if the value is the same as the old parameter, then no
          ``on_replace`` function will be called and the data
          change will be skipped
        * if the value is the same as the new parameter, then it's as if
          the ``before_replace`` function wasn't called;

>         * if value is an other tuple, then it is used for insert/replace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        * if the value is some other tuple, then it is used for insert/replace.
```
